Add builtin DS facts (#1025)
RoadieHQ/marketing-site: content/docs/tech-insights/builtin-data-sources/index.md

| Open Medium Severity Alerts | Number of open Dependabot alerts with "medium" severity.|
| Open Low Severity Alerts | Number of open Dependabot alerts with "low" severity.|
| Dissmissed Critical Severity Alerts | Number of dismissed Dependabot alerts with "critical" severity.|
| Dissmissed High Severity Alerts | Number of dismissed Dependabot alerts with "high" severity.|
| Dissmissed Medium Severity Alerts | Number of dismissed Dependabot alerts with "medium" severity.|
| Dissmissed Low Severity Alerts | Number of dismissed Dependabot alerts with "low" severity.|
| Fixed Critical Severity Alerts | Number of fixed Dependabot alerts with "critical" severity.|
| Fixed High Severity Alerts | Number of fixed Dependabot alerts with "high" severity.|
| Fixed Medium Severity Alerts | Number of fixed Dependabot alerts with "medium" severity.|
| Fixed Low Severity Alerts | Number of fixed Dependabot alerts with "low" severity.|
| Oldest Open Alert Publish Date| Oldest alert publish date with state "open".|
| Oldest Open Alert Update Date| Oldest alert update date with state "open".|

</details>

### Entity Metadata Data Source

> **Annotations used:** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Annotations used:** None, applicable to entities with whatever-the-configured-entity-filter-for-this-datasource-is
```

> Built-in Data Sources use integration configurations from common Backstage plugins and annotations provided by them. You can see configuration instructions for integrations on their respective documentation pages in [the Plugins & Integrations page](/docs/integrations/).

Reviewer 2: We should mention here somewhere that users can make their own data sources if they need something we haven't provided out of the box. We should also link to the instructions for doing that.

> You will find a list of built-in Data Sources, below, with annotations used by them and facts they currently include.

Reviewer 2: There's a good chance we're going to add more facts to these data sources in future and forget to update these docs. 

Can we explain that there is also an in-app way to get the list of facts available on each data source, and that the in-app list is more likely to be accurate.

### Datadog Data Source

Imports data from Datadog which can be used to create Tech Insights checks.

**Annotations used:** 
 * `datadoghq.com/slo_tag`, for retrieving SLOs 

>  * `datadoghq.com/monitor_tags`, for retrieving monitors

Reviewer 2: Love that we're listing the annotations used. Makes me think we should make this more obvious in the product also.

Author: We do have [this one]( https://roadie.io/docs/details/required-annotations/). Do we have customers asking about this often?

 
<details>
<summary><b> Facts </b></summary>

| Name | Description          |
| ------- | ------------------ |
| Slo Count  | Number of SLOs configured in datadog matched based on the annotated tag.|
| Monitor Count | Number of monitors configured in datadog with tags matching the monitor_tags annotation. |

</details>

### Dependabot Alerts Data Source

> Generates fact data from GitHub Dependabot Alerts for the entity.

Reviewer 2: I think we need to explain how these are each authenticated. e.g. does dependabot go through the GitHub app or via a token? If we don't explain here, there's no good way for the user to know.

Author: I added Authentication part

| Open Low Severity Alerts | Number of open Dependabot alerts with "low" severity.|
| Dissmissed Critical Severity Alerts | Number of dismissed Dependabot alerts with "critical" severity.|
| Dissmissed High Severity Alerts | Number of dismissed Dependabot alerts with "high" severity.|
| Dissmissed Medium Severity Alerts | Number of dismissed Dependabot alerts with "medium" severity.|
| Dissmissed Low Severity Alerts | Number of dismissed Dependabot alerts with "low" severity.|
| Fixed Critical Severity Alerts | Number of fixed Dependabot alerts with "critical" severity.|
| Fixed High Severity Alerts | Number of fixed Dependabot alerts with "high" severity.|
| Fixed Medium Severity Alerts | Number of fixed Dependabot alerts with "medium" severity.|
| Fixed Low Severity Alerts | Number of fixed Dependabot alerts with "low" severity.|
| Oldest Open Alert Publish Date| Oldest alert publish date with state "open".|
| Oldest Open Alert Update Date| Oldest alert update date with state "open".|

</details>

### Entity Metadata Data Source

Generates facts for entities you have loaded into Backstage based on the data defined in their entity YAML.

> **Annotations used:** None, applicable to entities which are component, domain, system, api, resource our template kind.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Annotations used:** None, applicable to entities which are component, domain, system, api, resource or template kind.
```

 
<details>
<summary> <b>Facts</b> </summary>

> | Name | Description          |

Reviewer 2: There's something wrong with the formatting of this table. Please double check all the other tables also.

![Screenshot 2023-05-20 at 12 25 46](https://github.com/RoadieHQ/marketing-site/assets/562403/92ab1cd8-bcca-4ead-980f-27318f86cddb)

Author: Fixed it

| ------- | ------------------ |
| Has Title  | The entity has a title in metadata.|
| Has Description| The entity has a description in metadata.|
| Has Relationship | Has relationships defined to other entities.|
| Has Tags | The entity has tags in metadata.|
| Kind | The entity kind.|
| Name | The entity name.|
| Namespace | The entity namespace.|
| Title | The entity title.|
| Description | The entity description.|
| Type | The entity type.|
| Lifecycle | The entity lifecycle.|
| GitHub Project Slug | The entity's Github project slug. |
| Tags | The entity's tags.|
| Owner | The entity owner.|
| Annotation Keys | The entity annotation keys.|
| Label Keys | The entity label keys.|
| Link Urls | Links urls associated with the entity.|
</details>

### Entity Ownership Data Source

Generates facts which indicate the quality of data in the spec.owner field.

> **Annotations used:** None, applicable to entities which are component, domain, system, api, resource our template kind

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Annotations used:** None, applicable to entities which are component, domain, system, api, resource or template kind
```

| Total Dependencies | Sum of all dependencies across all Snyk projects for this entity.|
| Low Severity Issue Count | Sum of all low severity issues across all Snyk projects for this entity.|
| Medium Severity Issue Count | Sum of all medium severity issues across all Snyk projects for this entity.|
| High Severity Issue Count | Sum of all high severity issues across all Snyk projects for this entity.|
| Critical Severity Issue Count Incident | Sum of all critical severity issues across all Snyk projects for this entity.|
| Last Tested Date | Latest test timestamp of any Snyk project configured for this entity.|
| Tags | A collection of tags for the projects of the entity. Stored as "key=value" strings.|
| Criticality Attributes | A collection of attributes under "criticality" key for the projects of the entity.|
| Environment Attributes | A collection of attributes under "environment" key for the projects of the entity.|
| Lifecycle Attributes | A collection of attributes under "lifecycle" key for the projects of the entity.|

</details>

### TechDocs Data Source

> **Annotations used:** None, applicable to entities which are component, domain, system, api, resource our template kind

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Annotations used:** None, applicable to entities which are component, domain, system, api, resource or template kind
```

Built-in Data Sources use integration configurations from common Backstage plugins and annotations provided by them. You can see configuration instructions for integrations on their respective documentation pages in [the Plugins & Integrations page](/docs/integrations/).

> We have built several Data Sources, which you can find explained below, together with annotations used by them and facts they currently include. You can get a list of the facts available on each data source within the app as well. This information can be found on [Data Source results and details page](../data-source-details/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have built several Data Sources, which you can find explained below, together with annotations used by them and facts they currently include. You can get a list of the facts available on each data source within the app as well. You can learn how to access this information within the app on the [Data Source results and details page](../data-source-details/).
```

| Dissmissed High Severity Alerts | Number of dismissed Dependabot alerts with "high" severity.|
| Dissmissed Medium Severity Alerts | Number of dismissed Dependabot alerts with "medium" severity.|
| Dissmissed Low Severity Alerts | Number of dismissed Dependabot alerts with "low" severity.|
| Fixed Critical Severity Alerts | Number of fixed Dependabot alerts with "critical" severity.|
| Fixed High Severity Alerts | Number of fixed Dependabot alerts with "high" severity.|
| Fixed Medium Severity Alerts | Number of fixed Dependabot alerts with "medium" severity.|
| Fixed Low Severity Alerts | Number of fixed Dependabot alerts with "low" severity.|
| Oldest Open Alert Publish Date| Oldest alert publish date with state "open".|
| Oldest Open Alert Update Date| Oldest alert update date with state "open".|

</details>

### Entity Metadata Data Source

Generates facts for entities you have loaded into Backstage based on the data defined in their entity YAML.

**Annotations used:** None, applicable to entities which are component, domain, system, api, resource or template kind.

#### Authentication

> Authentication is done via [GitHub Apps](../../details/github-app-permissions/) or

Reviewer 2: This one needs a bit more explanation. I actually don't understand myself. When does it use the GitHub app and when does it use the token? Does it use both?
